Update README for v0.7 release with performance focus (#1320)
llm-d/llm-d: README.md

</h2>

 [![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-8A2BE2?logo=readthedocs&logoColor=white&color=1BC070)](https://www.llm-d.ai)
 [![Release Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.7-yellow)](https://github.com/llm-d/llm-d/releases)
 [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
 [![Join Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join_Slack-blue?logo=slack)](https://llm-d.ai/slack)

llm-d is a high-performance distributed inference serving stack for production deployments. We help you achieve the fastest "time to state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance" for key OSS large language models across most hardware accelerators and infrastructure providers with well-tested guides and real-world benchmarks.

## What does llm-d offer to production inference?

Model servers like [vLLM](https://docs.vllm.ai) and [SGLang](https://github.com/sgl-project/sglang) handle efficiently running large language models on accelerators. llm-d provides state of the art orchestration above model servers to serve high-scale real world traffic efficiently and reliably:

> 1. [Optimized Prefix Cache and Load Aware Routing](./guides/optimized-baseline/README.md) - Deploy [vLLM](https://docs.vllm.ai) behind a Gateway API-based load balancer enhanced with an [inference scheduler](https://github.com/llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler) to decrease serving latency and increase throughput with [prefix-cache aware routing](./guides/precise-prefix-cache-aware/README.md), utilization-based load balancing, fairness and prioritization for multi-tenant serving, and [predicted latency balancing](./guides/predicted-latency-based-scheduling).

Reviewer: this language needs to be reversed back --- should still be llm-d Router

4. [Tiered KV Prefix Caching with CPU and Storage Offload](./guides/tiered-prefix-cache/README.md) - Improve prefix cache hit rate by offloading KV-cache entries to CPU memory, local SSD, and remote high-performance filesystem storage.
5. [Workload Autoscaling](./guides/workload-autoscaling/README.md) - Autoscale multi-model workloads on heterogeneous shared hardware with SLO-aware cost optimization using the [Workload Variant Autoscaler](./guides/workload-autoscaling/README.wva.md) or autoscale workloads on homogeneous hardware where each model scales independently using [HPA with EPP metrics](./guides/workload-autoscaling/README.hpa-epp.md).

These [guides](./guides/README.md) provide tested and benchmarked recipes and Helm charts to start serving quickly with best practices common to production deployments. They are extensible and customizable for particulars of your models and use cases, using standard open source components like Kubernetes, Kubernetes Gateway API, NIXL, and vLLM. Our intent is to eliminate the heavy lifting common in tuning and deploying generative AI inference on modern accelerators.

> ## Performance You Unlock

Reviewer: these should be bullet points, it renders very weird as a table

</h2>

 [![Documentation](https://img.shields.io/badge/Documentation-8A2BE2?logo=readthedocs&logoColor=white&color=1BC070)](https://www.llm-d.ai)
 [![Release Status](https://img.shields.io/badge/Version-0.7-yellow)](https://github.com/llm-d/llm-d/releases)
 [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache_2.0-blue.svg)](./LICENSE)
 [![Join Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Join_Slack-blue?logo=slack)](https://llm-d.ai/slack)

llm-d is a high-performance distributed inference serving stack for production deployments. We help you achieve the fastest "time to state-of-the-art (SOTA) performance" for key OSS large language models across most hardware accelerators and infrastructure providers with well-tested guides and real-world benchmarks.

## What does llm-d offer to production inference?

Model servers like [vLLM](https://docs.vllm.ai) and [SGLang](https://github.com/sgl-project/sglang) handle efficiently running large language models on accelerators. llm-d provides state of the art orchestration above model servers to serve high-scale real world traffic efficiently and reliably:

> 1. [Optimized Baseline](./guides/optimized-baseline/README.md) - Deploy [vLLM](https://docs.vllm.ai) behind a Gateway API-based load balancer enhanced with an [inference scheduler](https://github.com/llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler) to decrease serving latency and increase throughput with [prefix-cache aware routing](./guides/precise-prefix-cache-aware/README.md), utilization-based load balancing, fairness and prioritization for multi-tenant serving, and [predicted latency balancing](./guides/predicted-latency-based-scheduling).

Reviewer 2: I think the text here should say "Optimized Prefix Cache and Load Aware Routing" instead of optimized-baseline (which is just the name of the guide).

Author: agree. Applied.

4. [Tiered KV Prefix Caching with CPU and Storage Offload](./guides/tiered-prefix-cache/README.md) - Improve prefix cache hit rate by offloading KV-cache entries to CPU memory, local SSD, and remote high-performance filesystem storage.
5. [Workload Autoscaling](./guides/workload-autoscaling/README.md) - Autoscale multi-model workloads on heterogeneous shared hardware with SLO-aware cost optimization using the [Workload Variant Autoscaler](./guides/workload-autoscaling/README.wva.md) or autoscale workloads on homogeneous hardware where each model scales independently using [HPA with EPP metrics](./guides/workload-autoscaling/README.hpa-epp.md).

These [guides](./guides/README.md) provide tested and benchmarked recipes and Helm charts to start serving quickly with best practices common to production deployments. They are extensible and customizable for particulars of your models and use cases, using standard open source components like Kubernetes, Kubernetes Gateway API, NIXL, and vLLM. Our intent is to eliminate the heavy lifting common in tuning and deploying generative AI inference on modern accelerators.

## Performance You Unlock

> Production-validated examples of performance gains from llm-d deployments:

Reviewer: add this one: https://aws.amazon.com/blogs/machine-learning/introducing-disaggregated-inference-on-aws-powered-by-llm-d/

Reviewer 2: not addressed yet

| Result | Context |
|--------|---------|

> | **50k** tokens/sec cluster throughput | Wide Expert-Parallelism on MoE models, 16×16 NVIDIA B200 (3.1k tok/s per GPU) ([blog](https://llm-d.ai/blog/llm-d-v0.5-sustaining-performance-at-scale)) |

Reviewer: switch headline to TPSG

Reviewer 2: not addressed yet

- [**Disaggregated Serving Sidecar:**](https://github.com/llm-d/llm-d-inference-scheduler/tree/main/cmd/pd-sidecar) llm-d orchestrates prefill and decode phases onto independent instances - the scheduler decides which instances should receive a given request, and the transaction is coordinated via a sidecar alongside decode instances. The sidecar instructs vLLM to provide point to point KV cache transfer over fast interconnects (IB/RoCE RDMA, TPU ICI, and DCN) via NIXL.

> - [**Multi-Node Orchestration:**](https://lws.sigs.k8s.io/) llm-d leverages [LeaderWorkerSet (LWS)](https://github.com/kubernetes-sigs/lws) for gang-scheduled multi-node deployments and the new DisaggregatedSet operator for managing prefill/decode topologies as first-class Kubernetes primitives, enabling Wide Expert-Parallelism and disaggregated serving at scale.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [**Multi-Node Orchestration:**](https://lws.sigs.k8s.io/): llm-d is driving the evolution of multi-node and disaggregated workload orchestration on Kubernetes via the LeaderWorkerSet and the DisaggregatedSet APIs, enabling failure-tolerant, topology-aware deployments optimized for disaggregated encode/prefill/decode at scale.
```

Reviewer 2: not applied yet
